Add doc of ports name and description (#2129)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/config-ports.md

```yaml
ports:

>   - name: Svelte
>     description: webview for debugging `svelte`

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Swap Svelte reference for something more tech agnostic, to avoid incorrect assumptions that Gitpod is a frontend-focused tool or platform. 

```suggestion
  - name: Web App
    description: The main application web server, running on port 8080
```

    port: 8080
    onOpen: open-browser
```

### Configure port visibility

Port visibility can be set via the [`.gitpod.yml`](/docs/references/gitpod-yml), or manually changed within the IDE or editor.

> ## Note for Ports

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Swap this wording to be more explicit about what we're documenting.

```suggestion
## Adding port names & descriptions
```

> You can give ports `name` and `description` (both optional). They will help you to remind/explain what this port/ports used for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can give ports a `name` and a `description` (both optional). These properties will help you to add context about what the port is being used for.
```

> They will be displayed in vscode sidebar remote explorer and reflect from `.gitpod.yml` immediately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The port's name and description will be displayed in the Remote Explorer of VS Code's sidebar immediately after you change them in your `.gitpod.yml`.
```

Reviewer: Issue: We should specify how all behaviors works for CLI users and JetBrains (not just VS Code) 🙏

> They will be displayed in vscode sidebar remote explorer and reflect from `.gitpod.yml` immediately.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Since we're using `VS Code` as our wording elsewhere, could we swap all instances to use that wording? 🙏

<figure>
    <img class="shadow-medium w-full rounded-xl max-w-3xl mt-x-small" alt="Display port name and description on vscode remote explorer" src="/images/docs/ports-with-name.png" />
    <figcaption>Display port name and description on vscode remote explorer</figcaption>
</figure>

> ## Port Ranges

Reviewer: **Issue:** Something seems incorrect to me about the current header structure, introducing this header here creates a new header "port ranges" which then nests the various port visibility sections underneath, which doesn't seem correct? Previously, "port ranges" was a subheading under configuration of ports. Was this intentional?

|Current navigation in production|Proposed in PR|
|-|-|
|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5528307/173337808-278d846b-05eb-4118-8b76-88811d303398.png)|![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5528307/173337876-c2210e6a-1377-40d6-bd3f-9b679353e1f5.png)|

```yaml
ports:
  - name: Web App
    description: The main application web server
    port: 8080
    onOpen: open-browser
```

### Specifying Port Names & Descriptions

You can give ports a `name` and a `description` (both optional). These properties will help you to add context about what the port is being used for.

You can execute [`gp ports list`](/docs/command-line-interface#list-1) to output a table-formatted list of ports along with their status, URL, name and description.

<figure>
    <img class="shadow-medium w-full rounded-xl max-w-3xl mt-x-small" alt="Display port name and description on vscode Remote Explorer" src="/images/docs/ports-with-name-cmd.png" />
    <figcaption>Display ports info with gp cli</figcaption>
</figure>

> The port's name and description will be displayed in the Remote Explorer of VS Code Browser's sidebar immediately after you change them in your `.gitpod.yml`.

Reviewer 2: Looks like I suggested a fix without linking to the `.gitpod.yml` docs, even though the rest of the doc all links to its subpage.

```suggestion
The port's name and description will be displayed in the Remote Explorer of VS Code Browser's sidebar immediately after you change them in your [`.gitpod.yml`]([`.gitpod.yml`](/docs/references/gitpod-yml)).
```

Author: Updated

**Example:** Prevent notifications for ports between 3000 and 8999.

> Ports will be shown in vscode remote explorer once they are opened.

Reviewer: **issue:** We should always mention any JetBrains or CLI variations of functionality as well as VS Code.

> Ports will be shown in vscode remote explorer once they are opened.

Reviewer: **question:** For my understanding, since the port behaviors are defined above, and this section previously only covered the ability to specify configurations of port ranges, what was the reasoning to also this reference here?

Author: @loujaybee Ports with range will not show in remote explorer since they may be too many.

i.e. Range between 3000 and 8999, we can't show 5999 nums of ports in the sidebar, it's not useful, so that's why we only show opened ports

**Example:** Prevent notifications for ports between 3000 and 8999.

> Ports will not show in both VS Code Browser's Remote Explorer and `gp` cli until they are opened.

Author: We have a command `gp ports expose`, to make it clear, I will keep this `opened`

> Ports will not show in both VS Code Browser's Remote Explorer and `gp` cli until they are opened.

Reviewer 2: @mustard-mh I updated the suggestion, feel free to take another quick look :)
